Gh-388: Add "What is Python" section to user guide (#389)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/user-guide/gaffer-basics/what-is-python.md

# What is Python and how is it used in Gaffer?

> Python is a popular high level programming language that's seen massive popularity specifically in the data science and educational programming areas. Python is an interpreted general purpose language that's dynamically typed and garbage collected. For more info on Python please reference the official Python docs.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the official python docs?

## Python in Gaffer

> Whilst Gaffer is written primarily in Java a Python interface has been provided so that you can programmatically access Gaffer functionality with Python, this can be accessed via the gafferpy library located in the gaffer-tools repository. This provides a Python 3.6+ compatible import that will allow you to speak directly to the Gaffer REST API, it supports persistent connections to Gaffer, connection via SSL and the associated python functionality to interact and extend Gaffer operations.

Reviewer: Maybe a link to the gaffer-tools repo?

Inside the gaffer-tools library you'll find a set of examples that show how you can interact with Gaffer, here is an example taken from that set:

```py
def get_schema(gc):
    # Get Schema

>     result = gc.execute_get(

Reviewer: The python PEP 8 only requires line wrap at 79 chars you could fit all this on one line

```python
result = gc.execute_get(g.GetSchema())
```

        g.GetSchema()
    )

>     print('Schema:')

Reviewer: You can use string formating here instead e.g.
```python
print("Schema:\n{0}\n".format(result))
```

    print(result)
    print()
```

> In this simple example gc passed in as a parameter is the gaffer_connector which orchestrates connection into Gaffer and g is the gafferpy's representation of the gaffer operations. This executes a get request into Gaffer to retrieve the current schema.

Reviewer: Usually its handy to wrap extracts of code in back ticks so they standout in a text block e.g. like `gc` `gaffer_connector` and `g` here

> A link to the gaffer tools repository can be found here: [GCHQ/Gaffer-Doc](https://github.com/gchq/gaffer-doc)

Reviewer: This statement is incorrect its a link to the doc repo not tools repo

Inside the gaffer-tools library you'll find a set of examples that show how you can interact with Gaffer, here is a basic example of using gafferpy:

!!! example ""
    This executes a get request into Gaffer to retrieve the current schema.

    ```py
    from gafferpy import gaffer as g
    from gafferpy import gaffer_connector

    def get_schema(gc) -> None:
        """Gets and prints the schema from the Gaffer graph instance.

        Args:
            gc: The pre-initialised gaffer_connector.
        """
        # Get Schema
        result = gc.execute_get(g.GetSchema())

        # Print result
        print("Schema:\n{0}\n".format(result))

    # Establish connection
    g_connector = gaffer_connector.GafferConnector("http://localhost:8080/rest/latest")
    get_schema(g_connector)
    ```

> In this simple example, you can see the use of a `gaffer_connector` the purpose of this is to orchestrate the connection to a Gaffer REST endpoint. `g` is the main gaffer python module to allow access to various functions to run gaffer operations. This connection works by serialising the python code into JSON and then transferring this to be deserialised and ran in Gaffer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this simple example you can see the use of a `gaffer_connector`; the purpose of this is to orchestrate the connection to a Gaffer REST endpoint.  The main `gaffer` python module (usually imported as `g`) allows access to various functions to run Gaffer operations. This connection works by serialising the python code into JSON and then transferring this to be deserialised and ran in Gaffer.
```
